# Intermittent Fault Diagnosis of Industial Systems in a Model-Checking Framework

The project implements the algorithm proposed in the paper (`paper.pdf`) The authors use NuSMV only for the checking task, executing the algorithm proposed outside the model checking framework. Instead, here the full algorithm is modeled in NuSMV.

### Abstract
In this paper, a formal verification approach for
diagnosability analysis of intermittent faults is proposed. In this
approach, the industrial systems are abstracted as discrete-event
systems (DES) and modeled by finite state automata (FSA), then
a model-checking framework is set to deal with diagnosability
issues. Intermittent faults are defined as faults that can auto-
matically recover once they occur. We first revisit two existing
definitions of diagnosability of intermittent faults, regarding the
occurrence of faults and their normalization (i.e., disappearance
of faults). Then, necessary and sufficient conditions are developed
based on the twin plant construction, and reformulated as linear
temporal logic (LTL) formulas in order to use model-checking
for actual verification. A benchmark is used to illustrate the
contributions discussed and to assess the efficiency and the
scalability of the proposed approach.

### Structure of the project

In this project an original approach is implemented using the following files:

-   `compute_reachability_graph.py`: generate the input FSA passing a k value and "a" or "b" as parameters
-   `structure.smv`: this file contains all the immutable modules.
-   `final_model.smv`: this file is generated by the script.

The authors' approach is implemented in

-   `compiled_fsa.smv`
-   `compiled_main.smv`
-   `paper_approach.py`

